There's a lot of different input commands that you
can use to generate different types of inputs and
i've added a list of the basic elements below
this video and the links to the references that
explain them. But there is one additional one,
that i want to show you and that is the slider.
Through the slider we can generate numbers on
a certain range. Let's add a variable again,
simply call it slider. And then we can use the
same commands that we used here, this time we just
use the createSlider function
and here we can provide a little
more parameters. The first two parameters are the
min and the max of our slider range, start with 0
and go to 200 and then again similar to our first
createInput, we can define the default value,
then we can also change the position.
Let's place it below our text field.
And make the size a little bit
bigger than our text field.
And then in the code below, again, we simply
say "slider.value", so we get the current value
of the slider. And if i save this, i get this nice
slider here. And as i move the slider knob, i can
nicely see how our code is immediately updated
and uses the current value of our slider here.